Fix modifiers description (#365)
AdguardTeam/KnowledgeBase: docs/general/ad-filtering/create-own-filters.md

#### **`$inline-script`** {#inline-script-modifier}

> The `$inline-script` modifier is designed to block inline JavaScript within a page's HTML. It bolsters security and privacy by halting the execution of potentially malicious scripts without user consent. E.g. the rule `||example.org^$inline-script` is converting into such a rule:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `$inline-script` modifier is designed to block inline JavaScript, that embed into the web page, using Content Security Policy (CSP). It improves security and privacy by preventing the applying inline advertising or potentially malicious scripts. The rule `||example.org^$inline-script` is converting into the CSP syntax rule:
```

Author: done

> The `$inline-script` modifier is designed to block inline JavaScript embedded into the web page, using Content Security Policy (CSP). It improves security and privacy by preventing application of inline ads or potentially malicious scripts. The rule `||example.org^$inline-script` is converting into the CSP syntax rule:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `$inline-script` modifier is designed to block inline JavaScript embedded into the web page, using Content Security Policy (CSP). It improves security and privacy by preventing application of inline ads or potentially malicious scripts. The rule `||example.org^$inline-script` is converting into the CSP-syntax rule:
```
или into the rule rule with CSP syntax

```adblock
||example.org^$csp=script-src 'self' 'unsafe-eval' http: https: data: blob: mediastream: filesystem:
```

#### **`$inline-font`** {#inline-font-modifier}

> The `$inline-font` modifier is designed to block websites' attempts to embed fonts directly into the main page through Content Security Policy (CSP). It aids in enhancing user security and privacy by preventing the downloading of fonts that could be exploited for data harvesting. E.g. the rule `||example.org^$inline-font` is converting into such a rule:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `$inline-font` modifier is designed to block inline fonts, that embed into the web page, using Content Security Policy (CSP). It improves security and privacy by preventing the applying inline fonts that could be used for data collection and fingerprinting. The rule `||example.org^$inline-font` is converting into the CSP syntax rule:
```

`E.g.` тут врял ли уместно, т.к. это не пример, а расшифровка сокращённого вида правила.

Author: fixed

> The `$inline-font` modifier is designed to block inline fonts embedded into the web page, using Content Security Policy (CSP). It improves security and privacy by preventing application of inline fonts that could be used for data collection and fingerprinting. The rule `||example.org^$inline-font` is converting into the CSP syntax rule:

Reviewer 2: same

Author: done
